add entry about communication guideline (#38)
w3ctag/process: guide-for-tag-members.md

> Members of the TAG are part of [W3C Councils](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#w3c-council) handling [Submission Appeals](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#SubmissionNo) and [Formal Objections](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#FormalObjection). See [Councils Guide](https://www.w3.org/guide/council/council.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the TAG are part of [W3C Councils](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#w3c-council) handling [Submission Appeals](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#SubmissionNo) and [Formal Objections](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#FormalObjection); see [Councils Guide](https://www.w3.org/guide/council/council.html).
```

> Also, as member of an [elected group](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#elected-groups), you are subject to [communication guidelines](https://www.w3.org/guide/other/elected-body-communication-guidelines.html)

Reviewer: Is "subject to" the right phrasing here if these are guidelines?  Or is it this:

```suggestion
As member of an [elected group](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#elected-groups), TAG participants are expected to follow a set of [communication guidelines](https://www.w3.org/guide/other/elected-body-communication-guidelines.html).
```

Author: Better wording indeed, thanks.
